multilinetextinput: wait until the text change is fully completed on Gtk (#3667)
beeware/toga: changes/3658.bugfix.rst

> multilinetextinput: wait until the text change is fully completed on Gtk, this is necessary to make scroll_to_bottom() after text change to work.

Reviewer: The change note is a prototype release note - 
```suggestion
On GTK, the scroll position will now be correctly reflected if a MultilineTextInput is programmatically scrolled immediately after changing text content. 
```
